are you up for a detective challenge
then grab a pen and a piece of paper
each correct answer will give you one
point you'll find the results at the end
of the video
aaron has just become a detective and
already got his first real case
he has to work undercover at a luxurious
resort the police suspect that the hotel
owners are involved in some shady deals
aaron's first task is to sneak into the
manager's office and check his documents
but the door is locked and there's a
combination lock
aaron has to figure out the password the
young detective knows he needs to solve
a math riddle
and the answer will be the code one plus
one
plus one plus one plus one one
plus one plus one plus one plus one
one plus one times zero plus one
equals as soon as he punches in the code
the door opens
what is the correct number
it's thirty there are no mathematical
symbols at the end of the first and
second lines
it means the whole thing looks like this
one plus one
plus one plus one plus one one plus one
times zero plus one equals thirty
aaron manages to get into the office and
look through the papers
but he doesn't find anything useful
there while the detective was busy
one guest discovered her diamond ring
and earrings were missing
someone must have stolen the jewelry
aaron has three suspects
walter another guest alice a maid and
alan a porter the undercover detective
decides to check their rooms
he can't spend much time there but what
he sees is enough for him to understand
who the thief is
can you figure it out
it's alice there's already a packed
suitcase in her room
she's about to run away with the stolen
jewelry
another day another problem this time
someone pushed elderly mrs stevenson
into the swimming pool
when there was no one around but this
someone didn't know the lady was once
the best swimmer of her university and
she never stopped practicing
and it wasn't difficult for her to cross
the swimming pool and get out of it at
the other side
aaron asked the lady if she had seen the
attacker she didn't
but she was sure it was someone who knew
she just received a huge inheritance
the detective needed to talk to three
people there were mrs stevenson's son
terry her granddaughter gloria and her
niece judy
terry said these days i've been very
busy something urgent came up at work
i don't even have time to leave my room
to go to breakfast or dinner
gloria asked erin to keep her secret she
was seeing a waiter she'd met at a beach
cafe
if her relatives found out they would be
furious
and judy told erin she'd taken a car to
go shopping to the city center
who is lying
terry the man looks sunburned how can it
be if he hasn't left his room for days
aaron suspected one guest was involved
in the newest criminal scheme of the
hotel owners
he started to follow the man watching
his every step
at night the detective would climb the
tree growing next to the man's room
and check if he was doing something
fishy one night he saw the man tossing
and turning in his bed for hours
he must be up to no good aaron thought
as if on cue the man picked up the
receiver
dialed some number waited for a while
and hung up without saying a word
soon after that he fell asleep what was
the whole thing about
someone was snoring loudly in the room
next to his but the phone ringing
woke up the person who was snoring and
the man finally managed to fall asleep
finally our undercover detective seems
to be on the right track
a rich businessman mr wilson disappeared
from his room
it was rumored he'd come to buy the
resort from the current owners
the police questioned four suspects and
shared this information with aaron
the businessman's assistant said i felt
unwell on our way here i went to my room
and as soon as we
arrived took some medicine and fell
asleep immediately
the hotel owner said we agreed to meet
with mr wilson in a conference room
but i got lost while trying to find it i
finally came there
but mr wilson never showed up mr
wilson's wife who accompanied him on his
trip
said my husband was going to meet with
the hotel owner i'm not interested in
business
so i went to the spa who is behind the
businessman's disappearance
[Music]
the hotel owner how could he get lost in
his own hotel
ethan put a coin into an empty bottle
and plugged it tightly with a cork
then he told his friend he'd remove the
coin without breaking the bottle or
taking out the cork
and he did it how
ethan pushed the cork into the bottle
and shook it to make the coin fall out
jack was about to fail his exam luckily
the professor gave him one last chance
the guy had to arrange four nines to
make them equal 100.
he could use any math symbols how did he
do it
[Music]
jack figured out the correct answer
pretty fast 99 plus 9 out of 9
equals 100. christina was dreaming of
dating a rich boy from her college after
doing some research
she settled on three guys all of them
were nice and interested in her
but the girl needed the richest once she
saw them having lunch together
after checking what each of them was
eating christina made her choice
which guy did she pick
the guy who's eating seafood and avocado
not
only are these products the most
expensive but they're also the
healthiest
when do you look at number two and say
10.
[Music]
it happens when you look at your
wristwatch you're given eight eggs
you need to break two cook two and eat
two how many eggs will you have in the
end
you can break cook and eat two eggs
it'll leave you with six eggs julia was
angry with her boyfriend
she sent a message to her best friend
who lived in switzerland
in this message the girl complained
about something the guy had done
but her friend sent her a very strange
reply give
get give get give
get give get what did julia's friend
mean
she wanted to say that julia should
forgive and forget
you're walking through the forest
suddenly you see a crossroad and a man
standing there
one road leads to the village where
criminals live and the other to a safe
place
you don't know whether you could trust
this person you can ask him one question
if the man is a criminal he'll lie if
he's from the safe place
he'll tell you the truth which question
should you ask
where is your village if the person is
innocent he'll send you to the safe
place
if he's a criminal he'll lie and point
to the safe place too
it was mr and mrs anderson's wedding
anniversary and everyone was getting
ready for the party
mrs anderson wanted to put on a diamond
bracelet her husband gave her for their
when she opened her jewelry box she
didn't see the bracelet
trying not to panic the woman called her
teenage daughters joan and andrea
i've told you a thousand times not to
touch my things and still
one of you has taken my jewelry again
joan shouted
i haven't touched your jewelry box
andrea also denied taking her mom's
stuff
why would i need your bracelet i've got
lots of my own which girl is lying
it was andrea who took the earrings mrs
anderson didn't specify which piece of
jewelry was missing
then how did the girl know it was a
bracelet can you figure out the answer
to this rebus riddle
mary plus mary
the answer is summary one out of nine
identical balls is heavier than the
others
how can you figure out which one it is
after only two weighings
you should divide all the balls into
three groups and weigh two of them
that's how you can figure out which
group contains the heavy ball after that
you should pick two balls from the
heaviest group
weigh one of them with the other and
you'll understand which ball of the
three is the heaviest
and now the best part your results
if you got zero to five points it might
be too early to try on your sherlock's
hat
practice more pay attention to details
and you'll get there
if your score is 5 to 10 points you're
probably ready to apply for a
detective's assistant position
and then with some more experience you
might even replace your boss one day
and if you got 11 to 15 points you can
easily open your own detective agency
you have a sharp eye for details and
amazing logical skills